Restructure docs (#853)
signalfx/splunk-otel-go: CONTRIBUTING.md

You can send feedback about Splunk Observability docs by clicking the
"Feedback" button on any of our documentation pages on the official docs site.

> The repository's "unofficial" documentation is kept under [docs](./docs)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The draft documentation of the repository is under [docs](./docs).
```

> directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
